libs/openchallenges/api-client-python/docs/ChallengeUpdateRequest.md, before:

# ChallengeUpdateRequest

The information required to update a challenge

## Properties

| Name                 | Type                                                            | Description                                    | Notes |
| -------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------- | ----- |
| **slug**             | **str**                                                         | The unique slug of the challenge.              |
| **name**             | **str**                                                         | The name of the challenge.                     |
| **headline**         | **str**                                                         | The headline of the challenge.                 |
| **description**      | **str**                                                         | The description of the challenge.              |
| **doi**              | **str**                                                         | The DOI of the challenge.                      |
| **status**           | [**ChallengeStatus**](ChallengeStatus.md)                       |                                                |
| **platform_id**      | **int**                                                         | The unique identifier of a challenge platform. |
| **website_url**      | **str**                                                         | A URL to the website or image.                 |
| **avatar_url**       | **str**                                                         | A URL to the website or image.                 |
| **incentives**       | [**List[ChallengeIncentive]**](ChallengeIncentive.md)           |                                                |
| **submission_types** | [**List[ChallengeSubmissionType]**](ChallengeSubmissionType.md) |                                                |
| **categories**       | [**List[ChallengeCategory]**](ChallengeCategory.md)             |                                                |

## Example

```python
from openchallenges_api_client_python.models.challenge_update_request import ChallengeUpdateRequest

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of ChallengeUpdateRequest from a JSON string
challenge_update_request_instance = ChallengeUpdateRequest.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(ChallengeUpdateRequest.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
challenge_update_request_dict = challenge_update_request_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of ChallengeUpdateRequest from a dict
challenge_update_request_from_dict = ChallengeUpdateRequest.from_dict(challenge_update_request_dict)
```

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

Commit message:

feat(openchallenges): enable the user to update the challenge input data types and operation (SMR-371) (#3368)

libs/openchallenges/api-client-python/docs/ChallengeUpdateRequest.md, after:

# ChallengeUpdateRequest

The information required to update a challenge

## Properties

| Name                 | Type                                                            | Description                                    | Notes |
| -------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------- | ----- |
| **slug**             | **str**                                                         | The unique slug of the challenge.              |
| **name**             | **str**                                                         | The name of the challenge.                     |
| **headline**         | **str**                                                         | The headline of the challenge.                 |
| **description**      | **str**                                                         | The description of the challenge.              |
| **doi**              | **str**                                                         | The DOI of the challenge.                      |
| **status**           | [**ChallengeStatus**](ChallengeStatus.md)                       |                                                |
| **platform_id**      | **int**                                                         | The unique identifier of a challenge platform. |
| **website_url**      | **str**                                                         | A URL to the website or image.                 |
| **avatar_url**       | **str**                                                         | A URL to the website or image.                 |
| **incentives**       | [**List[ChallengeIncentive]**](ChallengeIncentive.md)           |                                                |
| **submission_types** | [**List[ChallengeSubmissionType]**](ChallengeSubmissionType.md) |                                                |
| **categories**       | [**List[ChallengeCategory]**](ChallengeCategory.md)             |                                                |
| **input_data_types** | **List[int]**                                                   |                                                |
| **operation**        | **int**                                                         | The unique identifier of the EDAM concept.     |

## Example

```python
from openchallenges_api_client_python.models.challenge_update_request import ChallengeUpdateRequest

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of ChallengeUpdateRequest from a JSON string
challenge_update_request_instance = ChallengeUpdateRequest.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(ChallengeUpdateRequest.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
challenge_update_request_dict = challenge_update_request_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of ChallengeUpdateRequest from a dict
challenge_update_request_from_dict = ChallengeUpdateRequest.from_dict(challenge_update_request_dict)
```

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)
