libs/openchallenges/api-client-python/docs/ChallengeAnalyticsApi.md, before:

# openchallenges_api_client_python.ChallengeAnalyticsApi

All URIs are relative to *https://openchallenges.io/api/v1*

Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**get_challenges_per_year**](ChallengeAnalyticsApi.md#get_challenges_per_year) | **GET** /challenge-analytics/challenges-per-year | Get the number of challenges tracked per year


# **get_challenges_per_year**
> ChallengesPerYear get_challenges_per_year()

Get the number of challenges tracked per year

Returns the number of challenges tracked per year

### Example


```python
import openchallenges_api_client_python
from openchallenges_api_client_python.models.challenges_per_year import ChallengesPerYear
from openchallenges_api_client_python.rest import ApiException
from pprint import pprint

# Defining the host is optional and defaults to https://openchallenges.io/api/v1
# See configuration.py for a list of all supported configuration parameters.
configuration = openchallenges_api_client_python.Configuration(
    host = "https://openchallenges.io/api/v1"
)


# Enter a context with an instance of the API client
with openchallenges_api_client_python.ApiClient(configuration) as api_client:
    # Create an instance of the API class
    api_instance = openchallenges_api_client_python.ChallengeAnalyticsApi(api_client)

    try:
        # Get the number of challenges tracked per year
        api_response = api_instance.get_challenges_per_year()
        print("The response of ChallengeAnalyticsApi->get_challenges_per_year:\n")
        pprint(api_response)
    except Exception as e:
        print("Exception when calling ChallengeAnalyticsApi->get_challenges_per_year: %s\n" % e)
```



### Parameters

This endpoint does not need any parameter.

### Return type

[**ChallengesPerYear**](ChallengesPerYear.md)

### Authorization

No authorization required

### HTTP request headers

 - **Content-Type**: Not defined
 - **Accept**: application/json, application/problem+json

### HTTP response details

| Status code | Description | Response headers |
|-------------|-------------|------------------|
**200** | An object |  -  |
**500** | The request cannot be fulfilled due to an unexpected server error |  -  |

[[Back to top]](#) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

Commit message:

feat(openchallenges): centralize authentication (JWT tokens & API keys) in the API gateway (JWT tokens & API keys) in the API gateway (SMR-444, SMR-445, SMR-446) (#3438)

libs/openchallenges/api-client-python/docs/ChallengeAnalyticsApi.md, after:

# openchallenges_api_client_python.ChallengeAnalyticsApi

All URIs are relative to *https://openchallenges.io/api/v1*

| Method                                                                          | HTTP request                                     | Description                                   |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------- |
| [**get_challenges_per_year**](ChallengeAnalyticsApi.md#get_challenges_per_year) | **GET** /challenge-analytics/challenges-per-year | Get the number of challenges tracked per year |

# **get_challenges_per_year**

> ChallengesPerYear get_challenges_per_year()

Get the number of challenges tracked per year

Returns the number of challenges tracked per year

### Example

- Api Key Authentication (apiKey):
- Bearer (JWT) Authentication (jwtBearer):

```python
import openchallenges_api_client_python
from openchallenges_api_client_python.models.challenges_per_year import ChallengesPerYear
from openchallenges_api_client_python.rest import ApiException
from pprint import pprint

# Defining the host is optional and defaults to https://openchallenges.io/api/v1
# See configuration.py for a list of all supported configuration parameters.
configuration = openchallenges_api_client_python.Configuration(
    host = "https://openchallenges.io/api/v1"
)

# The client must configure the authentication and authorization parameters
# in accordance with the API server security policy.
# Examples for each auth method are provided below, use the example that
# satisfies your auth use case.

# Configure API key authorization: apiKey
configuration.api_key['apiKey'] = os.environ["API_KEY"]

# Uncomment below to setup prefix (e.g. Bearer) for API key, if needed
# configuration.api_key_prefix['apiKey'] = 'Bearer'

# Configure Bearer authorization (JWT): jwtBearer
configuration = openchallenges_api_client_python.Configuration(
    access_token = os.environ["BEARER_TOKEN"]
)

# Enter a context with an instance of the API client
with openchallenges_api_client_python.ApiClient(configuration) as api_client:
    # Create an instance of the API class
    api_instance = openchallenges_api_client_python.ChallengeAnalyticsApi(api_client)

    try:
        # Get the number of challenges tracked per year
        api_response = api_instance.get_challenges_per_year()
        print("The response of ChallengeAnalyticsApi->get_challenges_per_year:\n")
        pprint(api_response)
    except Exception as e:
        print("Exception when calling ChallengeAnalyticsApi->get_challenges_per_year: %s\n" % e)
```

### Parameters

This endpoint does not need any parameter.

### Return type

[**ChallengesPerYear**](ChallengesPerYear.md)

### Authorization

[apiKey](../README.md#apiKey), [jwtBearer](../README.md#jwtBearer)

### HTTP request headers

- **Content-Type**: Not defined
- **Accept**: application/json, application/problem+json

### HTTP response details

| Status code | Description                                                       | Response headers |
| ----------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------- |
| **200**     | An object                                                         | -                |
| **401**     | Unauthorized                                                      | -                |
| **403**     | The user does not have the permission to perform this action      | -                |
| **500**     | The request cannot be fulfilled due to an unexpected server error | -                |

[[Back to top]](#) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to README]](../README.md)
