libs/bixarena/api-client-python/README.md, before:

# bixarena-api-client

Advance bioinformatics by evaluating and ranking AI agents.

This Python package is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 1.0.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Generator version: 7.16.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.PythonClientCodegen
  For more information, please visit [https://github.com/Sage-Bionetworks/sage-monorepo](https://github.com/Sage-Bionetworks/sage-monorepo)

## Requirements.

Python 3.9+

## Installation & Usage

### pip install

If the python package is hosted on a repository, you can install directly using:

```sh
pip install git+https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID.git
```

(you may need to run `pip` with root permission: `sudo pip install git+https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID.git`)

Then import the package:

```python
import bixarena_api_client
```

### Setuptools

Install via [Setuptools](http://pypi.python.org/pypi/setuptools).

```sh
python setup.py install --user
```

(or `sudo python setup.py install` to install the package for all users)

Then import the package:

```python
import bixarena_api_client
```

### Tests

Execute `pytest` to run the tests.

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation procedure](#installation--usage) and then run the following:

```python

import bixarena_api_client
from bixarena_api_client.rest import ApiException
from pprint import pprint

# Defining the host is optional and defaults to http://localhost/v1
# See configuration.py for a list of all supported configuration parameters.
configuration = bixarena_api_client.Configuration(
    host = "http://localhost/v1"
)



# Enter a context with an instance of the API client
with bixarena_api_client.ApiClient(configuration) as api_client:
    # Create an instance of the API class
    api_instance = bixarena_api_client.ExamplePromptApi(api_client)
    example_prompt_search_query = bixarena_api_client.ExamplePromptSearchQuery() # ExamplePromptSearchQuery | The search query used to find and filter example prompts. (optional)

    try:
        # List example prompts
        api_response = api_instance.list_example_prompts(example_prompt_search_query=example_prompt_search_query)
        print("The response of ExamplePromptApi->list_example_prompts:\n")
        pprint(api_response)
    except ApiException as e:
        print("Exception when calling ExamplePromptApi->list_example_prompts: %s\n" % e)

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to _http://localhost/v1_

| Class              | Method                                                                            | HTTP request                                            | Description                     |
| ------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------- |
| _ExamplePromptApi_ | [**list_example_prompts**](docs/ExamplePromptApi.md#list_example_prompts)         | **GET** /example-prompts                                | List example prompts            |
| _LeaderboardApi_   | [**get_leaderboard**](docs/LeaderboardApi.md#get_leaderboard)                     | **GET** /leaderboards/{leaderboardId}                   | Get leaderboard entries         |
| _LeaderboardApi_   | [**get_leaderboard_snapshots**](docs/LeaderboardApi.md#get_leaderboard_snapshots) | **GET** /leaderboards/{leaderboardId}/snapshots         | Get leaderboard snapshots       |
| _LeaderboardApi_   | [**get_model_history**](docs/LeaderboardApi.md#get_model_history)                 | **GET** /leaderboards/{leaderboardId}/history/{modelId} | Get model performance history   |
| _LeaderboardApi_   | [**list_leaderboards**](docs/LeaderboardApi.md#list_leaderboards)                 | **GET** /leaderboards                                   | List all available leaderboards |
| _ModelApi_         | [**list_models**](docs/ModelApi.md#list_models)                                   | **GET** /models                                         | List models                     |

## Documentation For Models

- [BasicError](docs/BasicError.md)
- [ExamplePrompt](docs/ExamplePrompt.md)
- [ExamplePromptPage](docs/ExamplePromptPage.md)
- [ExamplePromptSearchQuery](docs/ExamplePromptSearchQuery.md)
- [ExamplePromptSort](docs/ExamplePromptSort.md)
- [ExamplePromptSource](docs/ExamplePromptSource.md)
- [HistoricalLeaderboardEntry](docs/HistoricalLeaderboardEntry.md)
- [LeaderboardEntry](docs/LeaderboardEntry.md)
- [LeaderboardEntryPage](docs/LeaderboardEntryPage.md)
- [LeaderboardHistorySort](docs/LeaderboardHistorySort.md)
- [LeaderboardListInner](docs/LeaderboardListInner.md)
- [LeaderboardModelHistoryPage](docs/LeaderboardModelHistoryPage.md)
- [LeaderboardModelHistoryQuery](docs/LeaderboardModelHistoryQuery.md)
- [LeaderboardSearchQuery](docs/LeaderboardSearchQuery.md)
- [LeaderboardSnapshot](docs/LeaderboardSnapshot.md)
- [LeaderboardSnapshotPage](docs/LeaderboardSnapshotPage.md)
- [LeaderboardSnapshotQuery](docs/LeaderboardSnapshotQuery.md)
- [LeaderboardSnapshotSort](docs/LeaderboardSnapshotSort.md)
- [LeaderboardSort](docs/LeaderboardSort.md)
- [License](docs/License.md)
- [Model](docs/Model.md)
- [ModelPage](docs/ModelPage.md)
- [ModelSearchQuery](docs/ModelSearchQuery.md)
- [ModelSort](docs/ModelSort.md)
- [PageMetadata](docs/PageMetadata.md)
- [SortDirection](docs/SortDirection.md)

<a id="documentation-for-authorization"></a>

## Documentation For Authorization

Endpoints do not require authorization.

## Author

Commit message:

feat(bixarena): add securty scheme to the API description (SMR-527) (#3560)

libs/bixarena/api-client-python/README.md, after:

# bixarena-api-client

Advance bioinformatics by evaluating and ranking AI agents.

This Python package is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 1.0.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Generator version: 7.16.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.PythonClientCodegen
  For more information, please visit [https://github.com/Sage-Bionetworks/sage-monorepo](https://github.com/Sage-Bionetworks/sage-monorepo)

## Requirements.

Python 3.9+

## Installation & Usage

### pip install

If the python package is hosted on a repository, you can install directly using:

```sh
pip install git+https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID.git
```

(you may need to run `pip` with root permission: `sudo pip install git+https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID.git`)

Then import the package:

```python
import bixarena_api_client
```

### Setuptools

Install via [Setuptools](http://pypi.python.org/pypi/setuptools).

```sh
python setup.py install --user
```

(or `sudo python setup.py install` to install the package for all users)

Then import the package:

```python
import bixarena_api_client
```

### Tests

Execute `pytest` to run the tests.

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation procedure](#installation--usage) and then run the following:

```python

import bixarena_api_client
from bixarena_api_client.rest import ApiException
from pprint import pprint

# Defining the host is optional and defaults to https://bixarena.ai/api/v1
# See configuration.py for a list of all supported configuration parameters.
configuration = bixarena_api_client.Configuration(
    host = "https://bixarena.ai/api/v1"
)

# The client must configure the authentication and authorization parameters
# in accordance with the API server security policy.
# Examples for each auth method are provided below, use the example that
# satisfies your auth use case.

# Configure Bearer authorization (JWT): jwtBearer
configuration = bixarena_api_client.Configuration(
    access_token = os.environ["BEARER_TOKEN"]
)


# Enter a context with an instance of the API client
with bixarena_api_client.ApiClient(configuration) as api_client:
    # Create an instance of the API class
    api_instance = bixarena_api_client.ExamplePromptApi(api_client)
    example_prompt_search_query = bixarena_api_client.ExamplePromptSearchQuery() # ExamplePromptSearchQuery | The search query used to find and filter example prompts. (optional)

    try:
        # List example prompts
        api_response = api_instance.list_example_prompts(example_prompt_search_query=example_prompt_search_query)
        print("The response of ExamplePromptApi->list_example_prompts:\n")
        pprint(api_response)
    except ApiException as e:
        print("Exception when calling ExamplePromptApi->list_example_prompts: %s\n" % e)

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://bixarena.ai/api/v1*

| Class              | Method                                                                            | HTTP request                                            | Description                     |
| ------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------- |
| _ExamplePromptApi_ | [**list_example_prompts**](docs/ExamplePromptApi.md#list_example_prompts)         | **GET** /example-prompts                                | List example prompts            |
| _LeaderboardApi_   | [**get_leaderboard**](docs/LeaderboardApi.md#get_leaderboard)                     | **GET** /leaderboards/{leaderboardId}                   | Get leaderboard entries         |
| _LeaderboardApi_   | [**get_leaderboard_snapshots**](docs/LeaderboardApi.md#get_leaderboard_snapshots) | **GET** /leaderboards/{leaderboardId}/snapshots         | Get leaderboard snapshots       |
| _LeaderboardApi_   | [**get_model_history**](docs/LeaderboardApi.md#get_model_history)                 | **GET** /leaderboards/{leaderboardId}/history/{modelId} | Get model performance history   |
| _LeaderboardApi_   | [**list_leaderboards**](docs/LeaderboardApi.md#list_leaderboards)                 | **GET** /leaderboards                                   | List all available leaderboards |
| _ModelApi_         | [**list_models**](docs/ModelApi.md#list_models)                                   | **GET** /models                                         | List models                     |

## Documentation For Models

- [BasicError](docs/BasicError.md)
- [ExamplePrompt](docs/ExamplePrompt.md)
- [ExamplePromptPage](docs/ExamplePromptPage.md)
- [ExamplePromptSearchQuery](docs/ExamplePromptSearchQuery.md)
- [ExamplePromptSort](docs/ExamplePromptSort.md)
- [ExamplePromptSource](docs/ExamplePromptSource.md)
- [HistoricalLeaderboardEntry](docs/HistoricalLeaderboardEntry.md)
- [LeaderboardEntry](docs/LeaderboardEntry.md)
- [LeaderboardEntryPage](docs/LeaderboardEntryPage.md)
- [LeaderboardHistorySort](docs/LeaderboardHistorySort.md)
- [LeaderboardListInner](docs/LeaderboardListInner.md)
- [LeaderboardModelHistoryPage](docs/LeaderboardModelHistoryPage.md)
- [LeaderboardModelHistoryQuery](docs/LeaderboardModelHistoryQuery.md)
- [LeaderboardSearchQuery](docs/LeaderboardSearchQuery.md)
- [LeaderboardSnapshot](docs/LeaderboardSnapshot.md)
- [LeaderboardSnapshotPage](docs/LeaderboardSnapshotPage.md)
- [LeaderboardSnapshotQuery](docs/LeaderboardSnapshotQuery.md)
- [LeaderboardSnapshotSort](docs/LeaderboardSnapshotSort.md)
- [LeaderboardSort](docs/LeaderboardSort.md)
- [License](docs/License.md)
- [Model](docs/Model.md)
- [ModelPage](docs/ModelPage.md)
- [ModelSearchQuery](docs/ModelSearchQuery.md)
- [ModelSort](docs/ModelSort.md)
- [PageMetadata](docs/PageMetadata.md)
- [SortDirection](docs/SortDirection.md)

<a id="documentation-for-authorization"></a>

## Documentation For Authorization

Authentication schemes defined for the API:
<a id="jwtBearer"></a>

### jwtBearer

- **Type**: Bearer authentication (JWT)

## Author
