libs/web-shared/angular/analytics/gtm/README.md, before:

# Google Tag Manager Integration

Angular library for integrating Google Tag Manager (GTM) into web applications.

## Architecture

This library follows the **adapter boundary pattern** to keep it framework-only and config-agnostic:

- **No dependency on `@sagebionetworks/platform/config/angular`**
- Apps provide configuration via the `GTM_CONFIG` injection token
- The library handles GTM initialization and page tracking

## Usage

### 1. Install the Component

Add the GTM component to your app component:

```typescript
// app.component.ts
import { Component } from '@angular/core';
import { GoogleTagManagerComponent } from '@sagebionetworks/web-shared/angular/analytics/gtm';

@Component({
  selector: 'app-root',
  imports: [GoogleTagManagerComponent],
  template: `
    <sage-google-tag-manager />
    <router-outlet />
  `,
})
export class AppComponent {}
```

### 2. Provide GTM Configuration

#### Option A: Using `provideGtm` Helper (Recommended)

```typescript
// app.config.ts
import { ApplicationConfig } from '@angular/core';
import { provideGtm } from '@sagebionetworks/web-shared/angular/analytics/gtm';
import { ConfigService } from './config/config.service';

export const appConfig: ApplicationConfig = {
  providers: [
    // ... other providers
    provideGtm(() => {
      const config = inject(ConfigService);
      return {
        enabled: config.config.google.tagManager.enabled,
        gtmId: config.config.googleTagManagerId,
        isPlatformServer: config.config.isPlatformServer,
      };
    }),
  ],
};
```

#### Option B: Manual Provider Setup

```typescript
// app.component.ts
import { Component, inject } from '@angular/core';
import {
  GoogleTagManagerComponent,
  GTM_CONFIG,
} from '@sagebionetworks/web-shared/angular/analytics/gtm';
import { ConfigService } from './config/config.service';

@Component({
  selector: 'app-root',
  imports: [GoogleTagManagerComponent],
  providers: [
    {
      provide: GTM_CONFIG,
      useFactory: () => {
        const config = inject(ConfigService);
        return {
          enabled: config.config.google.tagManager.enabled,
          gtmId: config.config.googleTagManagerId,
          isPlatformServer: config.config.isPlatformServer,
        };
      },
    },
  ],
  template: `
    <sage-google-tag-manager />
    <router-outlet />
  `,
})
export class AppComponent {}
```

## Configuration

### GtmConfig Interface

```typescript
interface GtmConfig {
  enabled: boolean; // Whether GTM is enabled (if false, no tracking occurs)
  gtmId: string; // GTM Container ID (e.g., 'GTM-XXXXXX')
  isPlatformServer?: boolean; // Whether running on server (SSR)
}
```

### Conditional GTM Loading

To only load GTM when enabled and a valid ID is configured:

```typescript
import { isGtmIdSet } from '@sagebionetworks/web-shared/angular/analytics/gtm';

const gtmEnabled = config.config.google.tagManager.enabled;
const gtmId = config.config.googleTagManagerId;
const useGoogleTagManager = gtmEnabled && isGtmIdSet(gtmId);

// In template:
@if (useGoogleTagManager) {
  <sage-google-tag-manager />
}
```

### Disabling GTM in Development

In your development config (e.g., `application-dev.yaml`):

```yaml
google:
  tagManager:
    enabled: false  # Disable GTM in local development
    id: 'GTM-XXXXXX'
```

This prevents HTTPS certificate errors when loading GTM scripts locally.

## Features

- ✅ **Automatic page tracking** - Tracks route navigation events
- ✅ **SSR-safe** - Only initializes GTM on the client side
- ✅ **Config-agnostic** - No dependency on platform config library
- ✅ **Type-safe** - Full TypeScript support with interfaces
- ✅ **Easy integration** - Simple provider function

## How It Works

1. **Component Initialization**: The `GoogleTagManagerComponent` injects the `GTM_CONFIG` token
2. **Server Detection**: Checks `isPlatformServer` to avoid running on the server
3. **Route Tracking**: Subscribes to router `NavigationEnd` events
4. **GTM Push**: Sends page events to GTM data layer using `GoogleTagManagerService`

## Dependencies

- `angular-google-tag-manager` - Third-party GTM Angular library
- `@angular/router` - For navigation event tracking

## Scope & Tags

- **Scope**: `global` - Reusable across all products
- **Layer**: `web-shared` - Frontend-only, cross-product
- **Tech**: `angular` - Angular-specific implementation
- **Type**: `ui` - UI component library

## Example: OpenChallenges Integration

```typescript
// apps/openchallenges/app/src/app/app.config.ts
import { ApplicationConfig, inject } from '@angular/core';
import { provideGtm, isGtmIdSet } from '@sagebionetworks/web-shared/angular/analytics/gtm';
import { ConfigService } from '@sagebionetworks/openchallenges/web/angular/config';

export const appConfig: ApplicationConfig = {
  providers: [
    provideGtm(() => {
      const config = inject(ConfigService);
      return {
        gtmId: config.config.googleTagManagerId,
        isPlatformServer: config.config.isPlatformServer,
      };
    }),
  ],
};
```

```typescript
// apps/openchallenges/app/src/app/app.component.ts
import { Component, inject } from '@angular/core';
import {
  GoogleTagManagerComponent,
  isGtmIdSet,
} from '@sagebionetworks/web-shared/angular/analytics/gtm';
import { ConfigService } from '@sagebionetworks/openchallenges/web/angular/config';

@Component({
  selector: 'app-root',
  imports: [GoogleTagManagerComponent],
  template: `
    @if (useGoogleTagManager) {
      <sage-google-tag-manager />
    }
    <router-outlet />
  `,
})
export class AppComponent {
  private configService = inject(ConfigService);
  readonly useGoogleTagManager = isGtmIdSet(this.configService.config.googleTagManagerId);
}
```

## Migration from Old Library

If migrating from `@sagebionetworks/shared/google-tag-manager`:

### Old Approach (Deprecated)

```typescript
import {
  CONFIG_SERVICE_TOKEN,
  createGoogleTagManagerIdProvider,
} from '@sagebionetworks/shared/google-tag-manager';

providers: [
  { provide: CONFIG_SERVICE_TOKEN, useExisting: ConfigService },
  createGoogleTagManagerIdProvider(),
];
```

### New Approach

```typescript
import { provideGtm } from '@sagebionetworks/web-shared/angular/analytics/gtm';

providers: [
  provideGtm(() => {
    const config = inject(ConfigService);
    return {
      gtmId: config.config.googleTagManagerId,
      isPlatformServer: config.config.isPlatformServer,
    };
  }),
];
```

## Related Libraries

- `@sagebionetworks/platform/config/angular` - Platform configuration loader (apps use this to get config, then pass to GTM)
- `@sagebionetworks/shared/google-tag-manager` - Legacy GTM library (deprecated, use this library instead)

Commit message:

chore: googleTagManagerId now depends on GTM_CONFIG

libs/web-shared/angular/analytics/gtm/README.md, after:

# Google Tag Manager Integration

Angular library for integrating Google Tag Manager (GTM) into web applications.

## Architecture

This library follows the **adapter boundary pattern** to keep it framework-only and config-agnostic:

- **No dependency on `@sagebionetworks/platform/config/angular`**
- Apps provide configuration via the `GTM_CONFIG` injection token
- The library handles GTM initialization and page tracking

## Usage

### 1. Install the Component

Add the GTM component to your app component:

```typescript
// app.component.ts
import { Component } from '@angular/core';
import { GoogleTagManagerComponent } from '@sagebionetworks/web-shared/angular/analytics/gtm';

@Component({
  selector: 'app-root',
  imports: [GoogleTagManagerComponent],
  template: `
    <sage-google-tag-manager />
    <router-outlet />
  `,
})
export class AppComponent {}
```

### 2. Provide GTM Configuration

#### Option A: Using `provideGtm` Helper (Recommended)

```typescript
// app.config.ts
import { ApplicationConfig } from '@angular/core';
import { provideGtm } from '@sagebionetworks/web-shared/angular/analytics/gtm';
import { ConfigService } from './config/config.service';

export const appConfig: ApplicationConfig = {
  providers: [
    // ... other providers
    provideGtm(() => {
      const config = inject(ConfigService);
      return {
        enabled: config.config.google.tagManager.enabled,
        gtmId: config.config.googleTagManagerId,
        isPlatformServer: config.config.isPlatformServer,
      };
    }),
  ],
};
```

#### Option B: Manual Provider Setup

```typescript
// app.component.ts
import { Component, inject } from '@angular/core';
import {
  GoogleTagManagerComponent,
  GTM_CONFIG,
} from '@sagebionetworks/web-shared/angular/analytics/gtm';
import { ConfigService } from './config/config.service';

@Component({
  selector: 'app-root',
  imports: [GoogleTagManagerComponent],
  providers: [
    {
      provide: GTM_CONFIG,
      useFactory: () => {
        const config = inject(ConfigService);
        return {
          enabled: config.config.google.tagManager.enabled,
          gtmId: config.config.googleTagManagerId,
          isPlatformServer: config.config.isPlatformServer,
        };
      },
    },
  ],
  template: `
    <sage-google-tag-manager />
    <router-outlet />
  `,
})
export class AppComponent {}
```

## Configuration

### GtmConfig Interface

```typescript
interface GtmConfig {
  enabled: boolean; // Whether GTM is enabled (if false, no tracking occurs)
  gtmId: string; // GTM Container ID (e.g., 'GTM-XXXXXX')
  isPlatformServer?: boolean; // Whether running on server (SSR)
}
```

### Conditional GTM Loading

To only load GTM when enabled and a valid ID is configured:

```typescript
import { isGtmIdSet } from '@sagebionetworks/web-shared/angular/analytics/gtm';

const gtmEnabled = config.config.google.tagManager.enabled;
const gtmId = config.config.googleTagManagerId;
const useGoogleTagManager = gtmEnabled && isGtmIdSet(gtmId);

// In template:
@if (useGoogleTagManager) {
  <sage-google-tag-manager />
}
```

### Disabling GTM in Development

In your development config (e.g., `application-dev.yaml`):

```yaml
google:
  tagManager:
    enabled: false # Disable GTM in local development
    id: 'GTM-XXXXXX'
```

This prevents HTTPS certificate errors when loading GTM scripts locally.

## Features

- ✅ **Automatic page tracking** - Tracks route navigation events
- ✅ **SSR-safe** - Only initializes GTM on the client side
- ✅ **Lazy initialization** - GTM service instantiated only after config loads
- ✅ **No race conditions** - Component uses `Injector.get()` in `ngOnInit()` (after `APP_INITIALIZER`)
- ✅ **Config-agnostic** - No dependency on platform config library
- ✅ **Type-safe** - Full TypeScript support with interfaces
- ✅ **Easy integration** - Simple provider function

## How It Works

### Initialization Flow

1. **App Startup**: `APP_INITIALIZER` loads config asynchronously
2. **Component Creation**: `GoogleTagManagerComponent` is instantiated in the app template
3. **ngOnInit**: Component's `ngOnInit()` runs **after** `APP_INITIALIZER` completes
4. **Lazy Injection**: Component uses `Injector.get(GoogleTagManagerService)` to lazily instantiate the service
5. **Config Available**: At this point, `ConfigService` has the loaded config, so `'googleTagManagerId'` factory returns the correct ID
6. **GTM Initialization**: Service initializes with correct config
7. **Route Tracking**: Component subscribes to router `NavigationEnd` events
8. **Event Tracking**: Sends page events to GTM data layer

### Why Lazy Injection?

The GTM service is injected lazily (in `ngOnInit()`) rather than in the constructor to avoid race conditions:

- **Problem**: `GoogleTagManagerService` is `providedIn: 'root'`, so it would be instantiated immediately if injected in constructor
- **Issue**: Config might not be loaded yet when service constructor runs
- **Solution**: Use `Injector.get()` in `ngOnInit()`, which runs **after** `APP_INITIALIZER` completes
- **Result**: Service is created only when config is guaranteed to be available

## Dependencies

- `angular-google-tag-manager` - Third-party GTM Angular library
- `@angular/router` - For navigation event tracking

## Scope & Tags

- **Scope**: `global` - Reusable across all products
- **Layer**: `web-shared` - Frontend-only, cross-product
- **Tech**: `angular` - Angular-specific implementation
- **Type**: `ui` - UI component library

## Example: OpenChallenges Integration

```typescript
// apps/openchallenges/app/src/app/app.config.ts
import { ApplicationConfig, inject } from '@angular/core';
import { provideGtm, isGtmIdSet } from '@sagebionetworks/web-shared/angular/analytics/gtm';
import { ConfigService } from '@sagebionetworks/openchallenges/web/angular/config';

export const appConfig: ApplicationConfig = {
  providers: [
    provideGtm(() => {
      const config = inject(ConfigService);
      return {
        gtmId: config.config.googleTagManagerId,
        isPlatformServer: config.config.isPlatformServer,
      };
    }),
  ],
};
```

```typescript
// apps/openchallenges/app/src/app/app.component.ts
import { Component, inject } from '@angular/core';
import {
  GoogleTagManagerComponent,
  isGtmIdSet,
} from '@sagebionetworks/web-shared/angular/analytics/gtm';
import { ConfigService } from '@sagebionetworks/openchallenges/web/angular/config';

@Component({
  selector: 'app-root',
  imports: [GoogleTagManagerComponent],
  template: `
    @if (useGoogleTagManager) {
      <sage-google-tag-manager />
    }
    <router-outlet />
  `,
})
export class AppComponent {
  private configService = inject(ConfigService);
  readonly useGoogleTagManager = isGtmIdSet(this.configService.config.googleTagManagerId);
}
```

## Migration from Old Library

If migrating from `@sagebionetworks/shared/google-tag-manager`:

### Old Approach (Deprecated)

```typescript
import {
  CONFIG_SERVICE_TOKEN,
  createGoogleTagManagerIdProvider,
} from '@sagebionetworks/shared/google-tag-manager';

providers: [
  { provide: CONFIG_SERVICE_TOKEN, useExisting: ConfigService },
  createGoogleTagManagerIdProvider(),
];
```

### New Approach

```typescript
import { provideGtm } from '@sagebionetworks/web-shared/angular/analytics/gtm';

providers: [
  provideGtm(() => {
    const config = inject(ConfigService);
    return {
      gtmId: config.config.googleTagManagerId,
      isPlatformServer: config.config.isPlatformServer,
    };
  }),
];
```

## Related Libraries

- `@sagebionetworks/platform/config/angular` - Platform configuration loader (apps use this to get config, then pass to GTM)
- `@sagebionetworks/shared/google-tag-manager` - Legacy GTM library (deprecated, use this library instead)
