libs/bixarena/api-client-python/docs/LeaderboardSnapshot.md, before:

# LeaderboardSnapshot

A snapshot representing the state of a leaderboard at a specific point in time.

## Properties

| Name            | Type         | Description                           | Notes      |
| --------------- | ------------ | ------------------------------------- | ---------- |
| **id**          | **str**      | Unique identifier for this snapshot   |
| **created_at**  | **datetime** | When this snapshot was created        |
| **entry_count** | **int**      | Number of models in this snapshot     |
| **description** | **str**      | Optional description of this snapshot | [optional] |

## Example

```python
from bixarena_api_client.models.leaderboard_snapshot import LeaderboardSnapshot

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of LeaderboardSnapshot from a JSON string
leaderboard_snapshot_instance = LeaderboardSnapshot.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(LeaderboardSnapshot.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
leaderboard_snapshot_dict = leaderboard_snapshot_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of LeaderboardSnapshot from a dict
leaderboard_snapshot_from_dict = LeaderboardSnapshot.from_dict(leaderboard_snapshot_dict)
```

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

Commit message:

feat(bixarena): add visibility control to leaderboard snapshots (SMR-609) (#3702)

libs/bixarena/api-client-python/docs/LeaderboardSnapshot.md, after:

# LeaderboardSnapshot

A snapshot representing the state of a leaderboard at a specific point in time.

## Properties

| Name            | Type                            | Description                           | Notes                           |
| --------------- | ------------------------------- | ------------------------------------- | ------------------------------- |
| **id**          | **str**                         | Unique identifier for this snapshot   |
| **visibility**  | [**Visibility**](Visibility.md) |                                       | [default to Visibility.PRIVATE] |
| **created_at**  | **datetime**                    | When this snapshot was created        |
| **entry_count** | **int**                         | Number of models in this snapshot     |
| **description** | **str**                         | Optional description of this snapshot | [optional]                      |

## Example

```python
from bixarena_api_client.models.leaderboard_snapshot import LeaderboardSnapshot

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of LeaderboardSnapshot from a JSON string
leaderboard_snapshot_instance = LeaderboardSnapshot.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(LeaderboardSnapshot.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
leaderboard_snapshot_dict = leaderboard_snapshot_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of LeaderboardSnapshot from a dict
leaderboard_snapshot_from_dict = LeaderboardSnapshot.from_dict(leaderboard_snapshot_dict)
```

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)
