libs/bixarena/api-client-python/docs/UserStats.md, before:

# UserStats

Statistics about a user's participation in battles.

## Properties

| Name                  | Type         | Description                                                       | Notes      |
| --------------------- | ------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------- |
| **total_battles**     | **int**      | Total number of battles the user has participated in (as arbiter) |
| **completed_battles** | **int**      | Number of battles that have been completed (endedAt is set)       |
| **active_battles**    | **int**      | Number of battles currently in progress (endedAt is null)         |
| **first_battle_at**   | **datetime** | Timestamp of the user&#39;s first battle                          | [optional] |
| **latest_battle_at**  | **datetime** | Timestamp of the user&#39;s most recent battle                    | [optional] |

## Example

```python
from bixarena_api_client.models.user_stats import UserStats

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of UserStats from a JSON string
user_stats_instance = UserStats.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(UserStats.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
user_stats_dict = user_stats_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of UserStats from a dict
user_stats_from_dict = UserStats.from_dict(user_stats_dict)
```

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

Commit message:

feat(bixarena): compute user rank based on number of completed battles (SMR-581) (#3634)

libs/bixarena/api-client-python/docs/UserStats.md, after:

# UserStats

Statistics about a user's participation in battles.

## Properties

| Name                  | Type         | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                          | Notes      |
| --------------------- | ------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------- |
| **total_battles**     | **int**      | Total number of battles the user has participated in (as arbiter)                                                                                                                                                    |
| **completed_battles** | **int**      | Number of battles that have been completed (endedAt is set)                                                                                                                                                          |
| **active_battles**    | **int**      | Number of battles currently in progress (endedAt is null)                                                                                                                                                            |
| **first_battle_at**   | **datetime** | Timestamp of the user&#39;s first battle                                                                                                                                                                             | [optional] |
| **latest_battle_at**  | **datetime** | Timestamp of the user&#39;s most recent battle                                                                                                                                                                       | [optional] |
| **rank**              | **int**      | User&#39;s rank based on completed battles using standard competition ranking. Users with the same number of completed battles share the same rank. All users have a rank, including those with 0 completed battles. |

## Example

```python
from bixarena_api_client.models.user_stats import UserStats

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of UserStats from a JSON string
user_stats_instance = UserStats.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(UserStats.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
user_stats_dict = user_stats_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of UserStats from a dict
user_stats_from_dict = UserStats.from_dict(user_stats_dict)
```

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)
